---
title: "v29.0.00"
date: 2025-05-20T08:00:32+08:00

# Release Details
name: Ma On Shan
status: released
stringFreeze: 2025-04-20
releaseDate: 2025-05-20
downloadURL: https://github.com/GibbonEdu/core/releases/download/v29.0.00/GibbonEduCore-InstallBundle.zip
githubURL: https://github.com/GibbonEdu/core/tree/v29.0.00
planningURL: https://docs.gibbonedu.org/development/gibbon-road-map
quote:
  text: "Ma On Shan (Chinese: 馬鞍山; lit. 'Horse Saddle Peak') is a saddle-shaped peak in east of Tolo Harbour in the New Territories of Hong Kong. With a height of 702 metres, it stands among the ten highest mountains in Hong Kong."
  link: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ma_On_Shan_(peak)"
headlines:
  - "A new mobile-responsive Timetable UI with layer visibility toggles"
  - "An improved library borrowing page in Student Profile with tabs and quick lending actions"
  - "An option to add new recipients to existing messages in Messenger"
  - "A color-coded Markbook option for easier visual identification"
  - "A simple Petty Cash system in Finance for tracking small expenses"

---

Gibbon v29 features a redesigned timetable, which is more informative and offers quick-toggle layers: this work continues the visual refresh introduced in our last release. v29 also includes an improved Library view in Student Profile, Petty Cash tracking, Behaviour observations, colour-coded Markbook columns and a host of other improvements.

Thanks to Pablo Salinas (Pb3l1t0) for his help to analyze and identify security improvements for Gibbon. Following his recommendations, v29 now includes improved form security with CSRF and nonce token handling.

## Gibbon Foundation 

The development of Gibbon is enabled by the Gibbon Foundation, a non-profit body that oversees the development, maintenance and long-term health of the Gibbon open source project.

Gibbon adds value to a wide range of schools and organisations around the world, without any fees or licencing costs. Our focus is on quality education for all, not profit, and we believe that this is how school software should be. Nonetheless, building and maintaining quality software comes with costs, which have grown in proportion with the size of our community.

[Please join us here](https://gibbonedu.org/about/#foundation) if you are interested in supporting the ongoing development of Gibbon. Thank you!

### Translation

Our continued thanks go out to our hard working Gibbon translators: powered by their efforts, Gibbon is now available in 26 languages! If you would like to volunteer to translate Gibbon into your language, please email [support@gibbonedu.org](mailto:support@gibbonedu.org).

### Important Notes for v29.0.00

- Gibbon requires a minimum PHP version of 7.4 and MySQL version of 5.7. Please check to ensure your server supports this requirement. Gibbon v29 supports up to PHP 8.3 and MySQL 8.0, which are currently the highest recommended versions.
- Always backup your files and database before upgrading.
- See the [Updating Gibbon](https://docs.gibbonedu.org/administration/updating-gibbon) guide for detailed steps.

### Developer Notes

- Our Gibbon Development Road Map includes our GitHub branch, project board and future release dates. Take a look at [https://docs.gibbonedu.org/development/gibbon-road-map](https://docs.gibbonedu.org/development/gibbon-road-map).

